A User Story is a primary development artifact for the scrum project team. A user story should be discussed with the client and the team members at the beginning of the project. The discussion should be what kind of software should be used? How to implement the project? What is the requirement and priority of the client? The user requirement discusses the various unambiguously by writing it and documenting it to determine a perfect project path. A user story must be formatted and noted well and prepare a do-list. Make sure top priority comes first on the list.  Always create user stories collaboratively and keep your user story simple, concise.  A user story helps to create a simplified description of a requirement.
As we learned in SDLC methodology, every technology organization today seems to practice the agile methodology for software development, or a version of it. Understanding the user requirement is the first key to success in software development. Frequent interaction with a product owner, tester, and scrum master is particularly important to develop the required software. I believe that strong software knowledge, what to develop? What to avoid, add new features and some research are another key to get success in your project. In agile, the development team and its members’ responsibilities differ from those in traditional software development.
In addition to developers, software development teams can include Tester, designers, and analysts, depending on the type of software project. 
Starting with a strong team is how you set yourself up for success. To be a good team member in software development, once should be communicate effectively within the team and keep transparency, ready to achieve the common goals, a great team culture and adaptability makes you success. Great teams are the foundation of a successful company.
